# User Registration and Authentication Manual

## Table of Contents
1. [Login Page](#login_page)
2. [Register Page](#register_page)
3. [User's Profile Page](#profile_page)
4. [Edit Profile Page](#edit_profile_page)

## Login Page <a name = "login_page"></a>

When a user open the page for the first time, the Login Page will open first. 
<br>
When user fill the login form and hit the Login button, the username and password will be validated and the user will be logged in if that information are correct or receive an error if something is wrong about the username and password. 
<br>
If user want to create a new account instead, they will click the Register link and they will be redirected to the Register Page.

## Register Page <a name = "register_page"></a>

In the Register Page, the user will have to fill all the required information.
<br>
When the user hit the Register button, the username will be validated. If the username is already exist, the user will receive an error. On the other hand, the new account will be created and the user will be redirected back to the Login Page.

## User's Profile Page <a name = "profile_page"></a>

To get to the Profile Page, user will hit the Profile link in the top right corner. 
<br>
In the Profile Page, all the User's Information will be displayed, the User's Avatar is automatically generated by passing the hashed value of the User's Email to Gravatar.
<br>
To edit the information in the Profile Page, user will click the Edit button in the right panel.

## Edit User's Profile Page <a name = "edit_profile_page"></a>

In the Edit Profile page, all the User's Information is displayed and if they want to change anything, they just need to change the related fields.
<br>
If the user want to change the username, the new username will be validated. If the new username is already exist, the user will received an error. On the other hand, the new information will be updated and the user will be redirected back to the Profile Page.
